I'm roshanda 9 hammering and so we're
pretty much doing a video to tell you
about the terrible weather we've had so
we're gonna be doing another video
that's trying to get my car to the snow
actually it was actually really
difficult cuz I thought I could just go
through it right cuz that's what I did
when we had about that much small but we
have like what over a foot of snow we
had a lot and so not over a foot yeah
quite a bit over a fun it is and so um I
got a job with your at nine below car
right like an Akron Tyga and so don't
work so well so ended up having to
shovel the driveway and Susie and did i
shoveled the driveway I did some of it I
think that's almost a longer drive like
we're trying to call me she machine
anyways and Susie came over for a bit
too and helped and then meet her one out
and so yeah we'll be posting that video
so yeah the Royal so we won't pretty
much have not had school all week we at
school on wednesday but i only had two
classes on wednesday so i had to spare
that day if we have school tomorrow i
have two sparrows too cuz i have two
spares every second day so it's pretty
awesome the way my blocks fall yeah so
pretty much had no school for the last
week before semester turn around and I
guess for him just normal school so yeah
um I hope you enjoyed this video and
you'll see the other one come and see
when we just got to kind of put the
parts together cuz our camera man secret
no one can know who it is got cold so
they did videotape very much of it but
they have like parts of it so yeah oh
we're just gonna add to this video a
little bit and so Karen school actually
didn't have any heat he says it was
minus one in my classroom and that's
kind of ridiculous my school had heat
yay but yeah um I would be freezing so
it's cold enough just like sitting in a
heated room it's never mind a negative
one you can say anything no okay I guess
he has nothing to say so it sucks for
Cameron but yeah
okay so finally him thanks for watching
bye